###########################
# Wargoal Justification Events
###########################

add_namespace = war_justification 

# Fascists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1
	title = war_justification.1.t
	desc = war_justification.1.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech  
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.1.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.201 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.101
	title = war_justification.1.t
	desc = war_justification.1.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech  
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.1.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.201 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}
# Fascists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.10111
	title = war_justification.1.t
	desc = war_justification.1.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech  
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.1.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.201 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National SOcialist vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.13
	title = war_justification.1.t
	desc = war_justification.1.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech  
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.1.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.201 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.102
	title = war_justification.1.t
	desc = war_justification.1.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech  
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.1.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.201 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.201
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.202
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.203
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

###

# National Socialist vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.204
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.205
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.206
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# FNational Socialist vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.207
	title = war_justification.2.t
	desc = war_justification.2.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.2.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.202 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}


####

# Fascists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.3
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.301
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.302
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.303
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

#############

# National Socialist vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.304
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.305
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.306
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.307
	title = war_justification.3.t
	desc = war_justification.3.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.3.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.203 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

###########

# Fascists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.4
	title = war_justification.4.t
	desc = war_justification.4.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.4.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.204 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Fascists vs National Socialist
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.401
	title = war_justification.4.t
	desc = war_justification.4.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = fascist
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.4.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.204 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.403
	title = war_justification.4.t
	desc = war_justification.4.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.4.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.204 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# National Socialist vs National Socialist
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.402
	title = war_justification.4.t
	desc = war_justification.4.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = national_socialist
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.4.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.204 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

###################################################

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.5
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.501
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.502
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.503
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.504
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.505
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.506
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.507
	title = war_justification.5.t
	desc = war_justification.5.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.5.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.205 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

######################################

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.6
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.601
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.602
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.603
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.604
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.605
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.606
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.607
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.608
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.609
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.610
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.611
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.612
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.613
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.614
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.615
	title = war_justification.6.t
	desc = war_justification.6.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.6.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.206 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##########################################

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.7
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.701
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.702
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.703
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.704
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.705
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.706
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.707
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.708
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.709
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.710
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.711
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.712
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.713
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.714
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.715
	title = war_justification.7.t
	desc = war_justification.7.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.7.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.207 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

########################

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.8
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.801
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = stalinist
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.802
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.803
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = leninist
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.804
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.805
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = anarchist
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.806
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Communists vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.807
	title = war_justification.8.t
	desc = war_justification.8.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = left_wing_radical
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.8.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.208 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

#########

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.9
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.901
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.902
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.903
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.904
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.905
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.906
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.907
	title = war_justification.9.t
	desc = war_justification.9.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.9.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.209 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}
##############


# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.10
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1011
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1012
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1013
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1014
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1015
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1016
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1017
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1018
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1019
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1020
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1021
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1022
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1023
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1024
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1025
	title = war_justification.10.t
	desc = war_justification.10.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.10.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.210 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

############################


# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.11
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1101
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1102
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}
# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1103
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1104
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1105
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1106
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}
# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1107
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1108
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1109
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1110
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}
# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1111
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1112
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1113
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1114
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}
# Democrats vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1115
	title = war_justification.11.t
	desc = war_justification.11.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.11.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.211 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

#########################

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.12
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1201
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_conservative
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1202
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1203
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_democrat
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1204
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1205
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = social_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1206
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Democrats vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1207
	title = war_justification.12.t
	desc = war_justification.12.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = market_liberal
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.12.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.212 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

###############

# Neutrals vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.130101
	title = war_justification.13.t
	desc = war_justification.13.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.13.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.213 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1301
	title = war_justification.13.t
	desc = war_justification.13.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.13.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.213 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Neutrals vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1302
	title = war_justification.13.t
	desc = war_justification.13.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = paternal_autocrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.13.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.213 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Neutrals
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1303
	title = war_justification.13.t
	desc = war_justification.13.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = populist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.13.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.213 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

###########

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.14
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1401
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1402
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1403
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.140101
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = social_conservative }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.14012
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = social_democrat }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.140202
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = social_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.140302
	title = war_justification.14.t
	desc = war_justification.14.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = market_liberal }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.14.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.214 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##############

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.15
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1501
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1502
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1503
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1507
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = stalinist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1504
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = leninist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1505
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = anarchist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1506
	title = war_justification.15.t
	desc = war_justification.15.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = left_wing_radical }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.15.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.215 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

##################

# Neutrals vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.16
	title = war_justification.16.t
	desc = war_justification.16.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.16.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.216 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1601
	title = war_justification.16.t
	desc = war_justification.16.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = paternal_autocrat
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.16.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.216 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1602
	title = war_justification.16.t
	desc = war_justification.16.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = fascist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.16.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.216 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Fascists
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.1603
	title = war_justification.16.t
	desc = war_justification.16.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_government = populist
		FROM = { has_government = national_socialist }
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.16.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.216 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Generic: Neighbor
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.17
	title = war_justification.17.t
	desc = war_justification.17.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_riot_police_poland
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		is_neighbor_of = FROM
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.17.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.217 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Generic: Mobilized Nation
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.18
	title = war_justification.18.t
	desc = war_justification.18.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_korean_war_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		FROM = {
			OR = {
				has_idea = low_economic_mobilisation
				has_idea = partial_economic_mobilisation
				has_idea = war_economy
				has_idea = tot_economic_mobilisation
			}
		}
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.18.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.218 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
	}
}

# Generic: Enemy Troops at the Border
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.19
	title = war_justification.19.t
	desc = war_justification.19.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		FROM = {
			is_neighbor_of = ROOT
			any_owned_state = {
				any_neighbor_state = { is_owned_by = ROOT }
				FROM = {
					divisions_in_state = {
						state = PREV
						size > 1
					}
				}	
			}
		}
		NOT = { has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat }
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.19.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.219 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
	}
}

# Generic: Any War
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.20
	title = war_justification.20.t
	desc = war_justification.20.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.20.a
		FROM = { country_event = { id = war_justification.220 } }
		set_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_generic
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_borderthreat
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_political
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_neighbor
		clr_country_flag = war_justification_last_event_mobilized
	}
}

# Fascists vs Neutrals (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2051
	title = war_justification.201.t
	desc = war_justification.201.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.201.a
	}
}

# Fascists vs Democrats (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2052
	title = war_justification.202.t
	desc = war_justification.202.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.202.a
	}
}

# Fascists vs Communists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2053
	title = war_justification.203.t
	desc = war_justification.203.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communists_cheer
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.203.a
	}
}

# Fascists vs Fascists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2054
	title = war_justification.204.t
	desc = war_justification.204.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascist_speech
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.204.a
	}
}

# Communists vs Neutrals (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2055
	title = war_justification.205.t
	desc = war_justification.205.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_nra_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.205.a
	}
}

# Communists vs Democrats (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2056
	title = war_justification.206.t
	desc = war_justification.206.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.206.a
	}
}

# Communists vs Communists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2057
	title = war_justification.207.t
	desc = war_justification.207.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_american_hunger_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.207.a
	}
}

# Communists vs Fascists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2058
	title = war_justification.208.t
	desc = war_justification.208.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.208.a
	}
}

# Democrats vs Neutrals (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2059
	title = war_justification.209.t
	desc = war_justification.209.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_communist_leader
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.209.a
	}
}

# Democrats vs Democrats (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2510
	title = war_justification.210.t
	desc = war_justification.210.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.210.a
	}
}

# Democrats vs Communists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2511
	title = war_justification.211.t
	desc = war_justification.211.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_crowd_in_prague
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.211.a
	}
}

# Democrats vs Fascists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2512
	title = war_justification.212.t
	desc = war_justification.212.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_fascists_posing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.212.a
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Neutrals (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.2513
	title = war_justification.213.t
	desc = war_justification.213.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.213.a
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Democrats (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.214
	title = war_justification.214.t
	desc = war_justification.214.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.214.a
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Communists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.215
	title = war_justification.215.t
	desc = war_justification.215.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_mexico_city
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.215.a
	}
}

# Neutrals vs Fascists (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.216
	title = war_justification.216.t
	desc = war_justification.216.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_pla_in_beijing
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.216.a
	}
}

# Generic: Neighbor (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.217
	title = war_justification.217.t
	desc = war_justification.217.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_riot_police_poland
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.217.a
	}
}

# Generic: Mobilized Nation (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.218
	title = war_justification.218.t
	desc = war_justification.218.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_korean_war_march
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.218.a
	}
}

# Generic: Enemy Troops at the Border (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.219
	title = war_justification.219.t
	desc = war_justification.219.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_soldiers_marching
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.219.a
	}
}


# Generic: Any War (Target)
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.220
	title = war_justification.220.t
	desc = war_justification.220.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_tanks_vietnam
	
	is_triggered_only = yes
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.220.a
	}
}

# Wargoal Expired
country_event = {
	id = war_justification.3501
	title = war_justification.301.t
	desc = war_justification.301.d
	picture = GFX_report_event_iww_demonstration
	
	is_triggered_only = yes

	trigger = {
		has_war = no
	}
	
	option = {
		name = war_justification.301.a
		trigger = { has_government = social_conservative }
		add_political_power = -30
		add_stability = -0.03
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = social_conservative
			popularity = -0.05
		}
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.301.b
		trigger = { has_government = stalinist }
		add_political_power = -30
		add_stability = -0.03
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = stalinist
			popularity = -0.05
		}
	}

	option = {
		name = war_justification.301.c
		trigger = {
			OR = {
				has_government = fascist
				has_government = national_socialist
			}
		}
		add_political_power = -30
		add_stability = -0.03
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = fascist
			popularity = -0.05
		}
		add_popularity = {
			ideology = national_socialist
			popularity = -0.05
		}
	}
}